W-15563418-AsyncAPI-in-Studio-CP (#529)
mulesoft/docs-studio: modules/ROOT/pages/import-api-specification-design-center.adoc

include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

Import a RAML API specification from Design Center into either a new Mule project or an existing one.

== Import an API Specification from Design Center Into a New Project

. In the taskbar, select *File* > *New* > *Mule Project*.
. Type a name for your project.
. Select a Mule runtime engine version 4.1.4 or later.
. In the *API Specification* section, select the *Download RAML from Design Center* tab.
. In the *Location* field, click *...* and select *Design Center*.
. Select your Anypoint Platform username. +
If you're not logged in, click *Add Account* to add your Anypoint Platform account.
. In the *Browse Design Center for APIs* window, select the Anypoint Platform business group where the API specification is located.
+
If you configure your Anypoint Platform credentials, the username and business group options are unavailable.
+
If you want to use a different account, click *Add Account* and log in again.
. Select an API from the list of available APIs and click *OK*.
. Click *Finish*.

> Studio scaffolds your API specification. If you choose not to create flows out of your API specification, unselect *Scaffold Flows From These API Specifications*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Studio scaffolds your API specification. If you choose not to create flows from your API specification, deselect *Scaffold Flows From These API Specifications*.
```

Reviewer: Globally

Author: OK! Thanks!

== Import an API Specification from Design Center into an Existing Project

Importing an API specification from Design Center into an existing project deletes all your resources from your `src/main/resources/api` directory.

. In the Package Explorer view, right-click on your project and select *Anypoint Platform* > *Download RAML from Design Center*.
. Select your Anypoint Platform username.
+

> If you're not logged in, click *Add Account* to add your Anypoint Platform account.

Reviewer: Any way to reuse some of this content that's the same?

Author: I thought the same! 
I'll add it to my backlog.
Thanks!
